so hello kids panzer with
you and I recently had a small
cash strained Now let's say Eve
debt and then I remembered the small
little thing that I basically no longer
I need this for my world of account
tanks
why don't anyone play this game already
long enough at one time dou
account to a friend but did not play too
time scored
very quickly and now I don’t know what
they need to do decided for cheap
sell now, I'll tell you that
imagine how much it all costs
we what conditions will it all be
take place
then I will say immediately sell and this
I can account first for 500 rubles on
webmoney
second for 550 rubles for kiwi or you can
for 850 rubles
drop vs that is so here it is possible for
850 rubles to buy but / the dough will be fine
let 750 rubles of firewood to 750 rubles of fights
with this to resell clothes there
Commission restrained things matter in general
here it is such prices if there for example
do you want to partially buy for may
partly for kiwi there or partly for there
drop test you can write me this
all then we agree that now you
I'll show you what it is
speakers think all your financial
opportunities have already been appreciated and will immediately be on
something already count well show
how much I have in how not qual
Vkachana then show that is in the hangar
so at one time I expected that
developers here can watch what
no way even she will make the game better then
there is not she all the time very much under
Jammed because counted that can
play better can somehow and will
modify now in the form in which
She now presents itself to me, I
do not want to play this thing
everyone to play or not to play something in my
she turned utterly feces and I'm not
wanna take no why she call now i
I can do at least an hour
analyst the truth is I think molokova
will be interested because why
someone if I
other different people who are on this topic
too much whining okay now
not about that, but what you have
see what is in the hangar that is well
KV-13 KV-1 T-150 Go to the workshop and from the shore
e100 such fishing poles that is 500 rubles for
such an account, I think it is quite a bit
750 well or drop the dough at 550 or after
that is a lot of technology a lot also in
Roofing machinery for example the same
there are a lot of Germans
interesting for the Americans there is
Vkachana for France study rode
scoops, too, in general, such affairs
showed that they had me in due time
Churchill 3 tilde 4 on I sold them
Now let's see the statistics that is . 53
percent win and personal rating is almost
6000 but this is far from being extraordinary
far from such a shitty player
average closer for begoc
on hat sarin every where not without
of this
but in general, such statistics are you
You can carefully consider everything
low need so much business 500
rubles to my little where stop I though
no direct eat at night pumped something
I'm trying to kill for it a lot of time
4 Doha much talking about already able
account but all the experience of the crew is
different interesting pumped this same we do not
very good cochin so it means on what
conditions will pass until conditionally
will the sales of this account go through
on my terms i mean you first me
to pay the money then I gives you
account can you not believe it was
example depot animals voucher not principle
I have no reason to throw
I stopped playing and forgot about her, I hope
that never again will i come back
in general, such money
already said here are the tricks
probably a lot here is such a can
see the account here everything is the background
skin this money
the volume takes off the account you go on
make a link to the phone change here
so I also need mail from the mail
a bit on weird mail which
already three hundred years registered here
panzar 321 with a long time in Ukraine
taking advantage of giving and secret questions on
roles all with affairs you all completely
change this account entirely
Yours would be so I can not do it myself
return ie tie him to
phones
change the password from the mail itself world of
tanks and enjoy life well I give it all to you
give after you buy yes
Well what are you planning I plan to send by
all possible group until
I'm not banned like it does any
schoolboy
then again this account is worth 500
rubles for webmoney 550 rubles or 550
rubles for kiwi or 750 rubles drop wx
a goal can also be arranged there to
parts of kiwi in deception or weed out
shit it's all agree vk
he will be in the description you write me there
on the purchase of this account 500 volts
again you go next I when he
do not send money I give you soap
touristik password and login on this one here
countries a little mail and give more
auto nose world of tanks username and password
Do not bind ip-phones all further
I already untied the phone, cut off and
I'll take it so that somehow it doesn't matter
so on that in time as I said everything
I hope someone will buy who will go missing
not because i need substance about
hard money you can take that i
I threw Nikita in principle, not yet
no one did not show yet there was no
one person who would define me
something about what i'm throwing
people for money I have nobody for the day
scam nobody wrote i didn't even delete
when comments on youtube and all of us
can constantly write like any
Dak bad that where my mother had
but nobody left me yet
I can usually read a comment
absolutely everything is not successful
and even the worst such is my approach
so well, nothing more to say my tacts
Monastic brief description will be in
describing that I'm twins okay everyone bye
Thanks for watching buy buy